- Previously... on Being Human.
- I may be a flesh eater.
- Like a zombie?
- Stay away from Sally.
She doesn't think she will,
but she'll kill you.
- Stevie, wait!
- Ghost doors can't be the same.
- Something is very wrong.
Everyone's door
is their door.
- We have to figure out
what's on the other side of it.
- But you're all in trouble
with me around.
- (Kat):
My ex is here.
- I'm Aidan Waite.
- Oh, right! Sorry.
Nice to meet you.
Jeff Weston.
- This is Pete.
- Oh! Hi there!
- Oh my God!
- Josh... Josh, go!
- Give me their names.
- I wasn't exactly paying
attention to names, OK?
I was trying to save Pete.
- They killed Pete.
That shouldn't have happened.
- Yeah, because you
never should have told them
that drinking wolf blood
inoculates them.
- The truth was gonna get out.
I got ahead of it.
I put the word out that you
and Nora were off-limits.
I should have remembered Pete.
He didn't deserve that.
- No.
- I told Blake it
only takes a sip.
- Yeah, that's a real shocker
that she and her buddies
didn't use a little restraint.
Listen, I understand
that you were trying
to protect Nora and me.
I just... I can't believe
that you would side with them
over someone like Pete.
- I didn't pick sides!
- Yes, you did!
And the scariest thing is
you don't even realize it.
I'll see you later.
(Siren wailing)
- Morning, Kenny.
Something wrong?
- They found a match for
my bone-marrow transplant.
- That's great!
When can they do it?
- They could schedule it
for never.
I'm not gonna be there.
I'm leaving.
- What are you...
OK, slow down.
With your immune system,
there's a hundred people
between here and Admitting
who'd kill you just by breathing
in your general direction.
- Then turn me.
I knew it.
You're backing out again.
- No!
- You were never
gonna do it.
- The deal was
when you turned 18,
if nothing better came along.
This is better.
Do the procedure.
If it doesn't work,
then I'll turn you.
- I'm not spending months
getting pumped full of chemo,
puking, losing my hair,
crossing my fingers that
my lungs don't shut down
before I even get
the transplant.
And for what?
A 25% success rate?
- Kenny, you've been waiting
for years for this donor.
And if you say no,
then by tomorrow morning,
they'll move to the
next name on the list
and your one shot is gone.
Do this and you can
have a life, a real life.
- For how long?
A couple of years maybe?
That's if my body doesn't
reject the transplant.
I go through all of this
and the thing that ends up
killing me is me.
(Chuckles)
So, all great options.
- If you leave, you're never
gonna see your parents again.
Think about what
that would do to them.
- Give them
their lives back.
Oh, come on,
think about it.
They have felt so guilty
that I'm in here,
they have completely
forgotten about themselves.
They've spent their
life savings and then some
on surgeries like this.
They deserve a life too,
and one that they don't
spend in a sickroom.
- You'll be dead
in 2 days out there.
- Not if I'm what you are.
- I'm not gonna let you leave.
- OK then.
- I'm not gonna
let you leave!
- It's fine.
I can wait, you know,
until your shift's over
and I'll sneak out.
I'll call Blake.
You know, maybe join some
vampire meet-up or something.
OK, regardless of
your help or not...
I'm leaving today, OK?
So... what's it gonna be?
(Air hissing)
(Sighs)
- OK, great.
We don't have a lot
of time. Come on.
* Take it off
Take it in *
* Take off all the thoughts
of what we've been *
* Take a look hesitate
* Take a picture
you could never recreate *
* Write a song
Make a note... *
(Laughing)
* For the lump that sits
inside your throat *
* Change the locks
Change the scene... *
(Kenny laughing)
- It's so disgusting.
I love it!
Are you seeing this?
This grass, it is so...
It's so green!
- OK, all right.
Maybe take it down a notch
before you're arrested
for shrooming in public.
- Oh yeah, sorry.
- Come on.
- Thank you. Sorry.
- You think this is intense,
wait till after
you're turned.
- Well, um,
I know that I pressured you
to turn me into what you are,
but can I have one day
as a teenager, please?
- You're about to spend
an eternity as a teenager.
- Well, yeah, but not as,
like, a human one.
I've never gotten
to do that.
I wanna drink
and eat and do drugs.
- OK, slow down, Scarface.
- I just wanna do all the stuff
that won't affect me
when I'm a, you know...
lord of the night.
(Sighs)
- One day. And don't
ever call us that.
- Sorry.
- When we get
to my place...
* Your Trojan's in my head
* Take it off
Take it in *
* Take off all the thoughts
of what we've been **
- Whatever Donna has planned
for my soul when I die,
that's bad enough.
But if I hurt you guys?
I can't deal with that.
- I'm not padlocking you
into your own room.
- Josh, you have to!
- I'm not going to do that!
- You have to, Josh.
I'm starving and may not
be able to control myself.
You guys need to walk down
the aisle intact.
I wanted to be at
your wedding, you know.
I know this sounds cheesy,
but you guys are seriously
the hope for the future.
I wanted to make a toast.
I wanted to cry
and I wanted to
get drunk and dance
and say inappropriate things.
I love you guys.
So, please just...
Please lock me up.
And use 2 locks.
I may have zombie strength
and not know it.
- We're not giving up on you.
And we are gonna find you food.
- You are food.
- OK...
Let's get moving.
The meet and greets...
Hey, guys.
You remember Kenny, right?
- Sure, yeah,
from the hospital.
- Where he's usually sealed
in a protective room
that prevents him
from dying.
From what I understand.
Hi, Kenny.
- You haven't
told them yet?
- No, he hasn't told us.
- Why don't you
throw your stuff
downstairs in the basement
in my room,
- Wait, you don't want me to
call you a lord of the night,
but you live in the basement?
- Ha ha, very funny.
Come on.
- I'm just saying.
- So there's that.
- I know this is a surprise,
but Kenny moved up the timeline.
OK...
He gave me clean blood,
so I made a deal to,
uh, save him.
- You mean to turn him?
- Yeah.
- Aidan, how is
cursing him to a life
that you claim to hate
saving him exactly?
- I will keep him in check.
- So he's gonna bunk
with you now, downstairs,
like, for eternity?
- He's going to
stay down there
until he is used
to his new life.
- Between Stevie and Erin,
we don't exactly have
the best track record
with wayward teens, Aidan.
- This will be different.
It has to be different.
I understand you're upset
with me about Pete.
Please do not
punish Kenny for that.
- You're right.
We have so many reasons
to hate what we are.
But if we can use our curse
to help someone,
then I say we do it.
- Did I pretend to put
my stuff away long enough?
- We're good.
- Come on, let's go.
(Door closing)
- I know that you think that
I went too easy on Aidan,
but Kenny's dying.
If that was your friend,
you would do whatever
you could to save them.
- You're right.
Sally!
- I appreciate you guys
trying to protect me,
but going after Donna
is a bad idea.
- What other choice
do we have?
- Donna only gets your soul
if she's alive to collect it.
- Wow, you went dark fast.
- Well, it's either
you or Donna.
When you go through that door,
you're stepping into her world.
So we have to take
her out in our world,
where we have a chance
and we can help you.
- We tried that, remember?
She Vader-choked me and then
I started craving puppies.
I'd rather not
piss her off again,
considering now
she has my soul.
- That time, we wandered in
there like doe-eyed children.
This time, we don't
give her a chance.
- OK, guns and witches.
What could go wrong?
Do you even have a plan?
- Yeah, I'm gonna kill her.
- You sure this is
the right address?
- I'm telling you,
the soup kitchen
was right here.
- A building can't
just disappear.
- Tell that to Donna.
I'm so screwed.
- This is my fault.
I got Sally into this mess.
- She doesn't blame you.
Hey, she got to live,
got her body back,
got a little undertaker action.
- Became a cannibal.
- Let's try not to
focus on the negative.
- There's gotta
be something.
Gotta be something
we can do to help.
(Sighs)
- This won't save anyone,
but it might help take
her mind off what's coming.
What if we got married now?
So that Sally
could be there.
- She's only got,
like, a day or two.
- So we do it fast.
You don't really talk
to your parents anyway.
And the only thing my family
would do is ruin it.
- So just the family
we have here.
- Before we lose it.
Sally?
Sally!
- We've gotta find her
before she finds lunch.
- Hey.
- I wasn't sure I was
gonna see you again.
- I wasn't sure if I should
come here, but, um...
I'm running out of options.
And, um...
I feel like I can
tell you everything.
- Except for why your roommates
came home looking like
they were stunt doubles
from a Bourne movie.
- I should've
told you about that.
I will tell you about that.
But right now,
it's just...
My body's, like,
running out of time.
- I'll get my kit.
- I'm actually
past the putty phase.
- What's wrong?
- Um...
The hunger that I was
telling you about...
So when my body started
breaking down, uh...
It's just 'cause...
So regular food
stopped working.
- What's working now?
- Uh, it's more of,
like, a raw-food diet.
- Oh God, you're not talking
about veggies, are you?
- OK, don't freak out.
- I'm not making any promises.
- Human flesh.
Not yours.
I--1... Not yours!
I'm here because I don't
wanna hurt anybody.
Are you kidding?
I would never eat
an actual living...
But, OK, if I don't...
If I don't...
If I don't, then I
at least need to...
OK, I can't believe
I'm saying this.
And I--I don't
expect you to...
I know this is a lot
for you to handle, but...
So, this morning,
I saw this obit
for Mrs. Hanover.
- Sally...
- She didn't have any kids.
She didn't want
a memorial service.
She wanted to be cremated.
- You can't eat Ms. Hanover!
- I know how awful it sounds.
- I don't think you do.
- I do!
I really do, trust me.
You think I wanna be
standing here
in front of the guy I love
asking to eat the dead body
in the freezer?
- I have wanted to tell you
that I have loved you
for so long,
and I've waited because
I thought it was too soon.
- Now I told you too late.
The witch that
I told you about,
the one who
did this to me,
when I die,
she gets my soul.
And when I made that deal,
I thought I was OK with it.
But now, I'm scared.
- Where does it stop?
What if this doesn't work?
What if you come for me?
- I would never hurt you.
- The reason that I helped you
in the first place...
it's the same reason
that I can't help you now.
Watching over the dead
is my responsibility.
If you knew me at all,
you'd know better
than to ask that.
- Hey. Any word from Sally?
- Yeah, she's, uh,
safe and sound.
- Cool. Um, so you're
looking at magazines?
Uh...
- We're planning
our honeymoon.
- Did you set a date already?
- Thursday.
We wanted to make sure that
Sally was still... in town.
So how was
your first day out?
- Awesome. Red Sox game,
lobster rolls,
which were pretty good.
Oh, Aidan also
snuck me a beer,
which was actually
kind of gross.
I'm killing my human
bucket list.
- Come on, Kenny.
- Hey!
- Oh my God!
Hi, hi, hi!
What are you doing here?
- Ask your fiance.
- I will ask my fiance.
- I know
we said no family,
but I knew that you'd want
Emily there at the wedding,
which is on Thursday.
- It's on Thursday!
- Don't worry.
I'm only here long enough
to grab my brother
and take him out for
a proper bachelor party.
- Yes! That's a great idea!
- Oh! It is?
- Yes!
- Ah!
- You guys have to
go out now. Be gone!
- Everybody grab
your Washingtons.
Let's check out some boobage.
Who's with me?
- Yes, I am with you
on that one.
- Excellent!
Who are you?
- I'm Kenny, uh, Aidan's...
- Cousin-in-law.
From Providence.
- Yes. And going to a strip club
is number one on my bucket list.
- All right.
Well, not sure why a teenager
has a bucket list,
but if we're sneaking
Peach Fuzz in,
we've gotta find a place
that doesn't serve booze.
- What's the point then really?
- No point.
- Are you in?
- Sure!
- Yes!
- Go and have fun.
- You're enjoying this too much.
- I am enjoying this.
- She's got beautiful hair
for a septuagenarian.
- See, none of
my other assistants
ever notice
that kind of thing.
Prepping her for the viewing
should be a breeze.
- Hey, thanks for
letting me come back.
I should have just told you
everything before.
I was just scared.
- It's OK.
I'm just glad you're back.
(Phone vibrating)
And no more secrets, right?
- Right.
- OK.
(Flesh tearing)
(Gasps)
(Panting)
- Oh...
- (Man): Oh!
* Come on now
* One two three four...
- (Man on PA):
Yes, it's time
to put your hands together,
gentlemen,
because stepping up onto
the stage right now
is sexy Sadie.
* I like the way
you get down baby... *
- I think I'm in love.
- Whoa! What are you doing?
- What?
- You can't touch.
- Oh, sorry. I, um...
I've just never gotten
this close before.
- To a stripper?
- To a girl.
- By the way, you're wasting
your time with Sadie.
- Why?
- Uh...
She's playing for my team,
not yours.
- No way!
- Yeah, half the strippers
here are gay.
- (Kenny): Wow!
In a few days,
even they'll want me.
(Laughing)
- OK. I
- No, I'm serious.
I could have any girl here.
- Hey, Kenny!
All right, pal.
She'll still
be there for you.
Come here.
- One sec.
- Can you get me and Josh
some more orange juice?
Also, the first rule
of vampires,
do not talk
about vampires, OK?
- OK.
- Good! Go.
* One two three four...
Oh, that was a close one.
- Turning this kid
doesn't worry you at all?
You squint and he
even looks like Henry.
- Kenny and Henry
are totally different.
- I don't think they are.
You took pity on someone
who was weak and who helped you.
What's the difference?
- What's...
Let's forget about them.
I am 180 degrees off
who I was when I made Henry.
- No, you're not.
- I'm not?
Please tell me,
who was I?
- No, you used to be,
when you disowned vampires,
when you looked out
for people like Pete.
- I'm sorry about Pete.
I am. But this Kenny thing,
it's not a trend.
It's me paying someone back
for saving my life, OK?
That's all.
That's all it is.
- You two need to stop talking.
- What do you mean?
- Only creepy dudes
come to strip clubs
and look as serious
as you do.
OK? Don't be
those dudes.
- Creepy? It's weird
that you'd say that.
- Whatever. Sadie!
Lap dance
for my bro-ham!
- What are you doing?
- Saving you
from yourself. Hmm?
Go.
(Woman giggling)
- You know,
it's true what they say.
The bachelor party
isn't for the groom.
It's for the groom's
gay sister.
(Laughing)
- You're welcome.
- Yeah, thanks. Yeah.
* One two three four
* I like the way
you get down baby *
you get down *3*
- Sally?
- (Sally): Why'd you slide
a penis straw through the door?
- Because it's not
a bachelorette party
without penis straws,
or my maid of honour.
- You want me to be
your maid of honour?
- Only if you fulfill
your maidly duties
and help me polish off
these wine coolers.
- Wine coolers?
- All of my wedding fantasies
date back to the 9th grade.
I'm feeling nostalgic.
(Chuckles)
Can I open the door?
- OK.
(Lock clicking)
I really wanna come out there,
but I also really wanna eat you.
- I understand.
Hey!
For short notice,
I think I found a pretty
great wedding dress.
Do you wanna see it?
- I do!
But only from a safe distance.
I think I have a pretty
great view of the street
from my window.
- Maybe TI'll take a picture.
- OK.
- I'm having
a hard time deciding
which way to go
with my hair though.
- When in doubt, side pony.
- See? This is why I need you.
Now, how about flowers?
(Woman singing,
lyrics indistinct)
- You can relax.
- Mm-hmm.
Uh, yeah, full disclosure,
I'm, uh,
getting married tomorrow.
- Oh...
You and half
the guys in here.
I'll keep it
R-rated... mostly.
(Laughing)
I get the vibe you
don't wanna be here.
- You do?
- It's all right.
- So how long...
How long have you,
uh, worked here?
- Um, a few months.
- Mm-hmm.
- Um...
Gotta straighten out
some personal stuff.
Yeah, I'm kind of
in a rut.
(Josh laughs)
- I'm sure you'll
dig your way out of it.
- You know what?
I think I just did.
(Josh grunting)
- Hey, lady,
not this one. Hey!
- Screw you!
My werewolf, my cure.
- No! Ah!
- Dammit! Are you OK?
- Yeah. Are you all of
a sudden carrying stakes? Why?
- Why do you think?
You're starting to smell wolfy.
- What?
- You smell like a werewolf!
- Em... Emily!
Em! Wait!
Wait a second!
Wait, wait, wait!
- What the hell was that?
- That stripper wasn't
just a stripper.
- Your roommate just
stabbed her in the back!
- He saved my life, OK?
- And then she
just disappeared!
- She turned to dust.
That's what happens to
his kind, to vampires.
- Vampires?
- Fangs, black eyes,
dust, vampires.
- So Aidan is a...
- Yeah.
- Aidan called you
a werewolf,
- I used to be one,
and then I wasn't.
And now I'm gonna
be one again.
- Does Nora know?
- She's one too.
There were so many times
I wanted to tell you,
that I--I tried...
- So your journals...
all that stuff you said...
that's really why you left?
- I couldn't handle it,
what I'd become.
I was trying to protect you
from all of this.
That's why I didn't
tell you. I--I...
- I can see why.
How often does your roommate
stab random people?
- She was gonna
kill me, Em.
She would have killed me.
- Have you ever done
anything like that?
- Not exactly, but yeah.
I wish this wasn't me,
but it is.
And Aidan and Nora get that.
They get me.
- Well, if you
hate it so much,
then why are you marrying
into it and doubling down?
And why are you living
with someone like Aidan
who brings more of that
into your life?
- We look out
for each other.
You're my sister!
We accept each other.
I accept you, Em,
for everything that you are.
- Are you comparing murder
to being gay?
- No.
- Really?
- 'Cause those things aren't
even in the same solar system.
- That's not what I meant.
You felt alone. You were
scared to talk about it.
- Aidan just killed someone!
Something, whatever.
I wish I was OK with that.
I really do.
- (Aidan): Hey, man.
I think it's time.
- Are those for me?
- Yeah, 3 bags of O Negative
and one werewolf
booster shot.
For when you wake up.
- OK, look,
I know that, um,
I asked for this.
But what you did
to the stripper...
is that gonna happen to me?
- No, it won't, because you
won't be reckless like that.
- When's the last time
that you've done this?
You know, made someone?
- It's been a while.
- Like, um, a couple years?
- More like a hundred.
- And what happened
to the last one?
- The virus got him.
- OK, so what you're
saying is that
this whole vampire immortality
thing isn't a lock.
- Kenny...
- What?
- The only thing that
you have to know
is that I'm going to take
everything that I've learned
from my maker and from
those that I've made,
both bad and good,
to protect you.
As long as I am alive,
I will keep you safe.
- OK.
(Sighs)
- Nothing quite like
a vampire stripper
to put things in perspective.
I'm sorry about earlier...
for even thinking that you would
side with them over us.
- No, I, uh...
I get it.
You and Nora are about to start
your own, let's face it, pack.
You get protective
of your own.
- I never should have blamed you
for what the other vampires
did to Pete.
- Pete was a good guy.
I know that he helped you.
- And he proved that the curse
doesn't have to define us.
Even if I can't control my wolf,
it doesn't have to ruin me.
- Curse or no curse,
we can still choose
who we wanna be.
- Look at us. Evolved.
(Laughing)
Kenny's lucky to have you
as his papa.
- (Aidan): Sally? Nora--
- (Sally): Come in, come in!
- Hey, Nora told me
you wanted to see me.
- Yeah, come in.
The hunger's
getting too strong.
I don't wanna
hurt anybody else.
Josh and Nora won't do it,
so I need you to promise me,
when the time comes,
you're gonna kill me.
- That was really good.
You been working on that?
- Aidan, I'm serious.
- No! You can't give up.
Josh and Nora, they just
found that psychic, Ilana.
Maybe she can help with Donna.
- You think she'll answer
the door when I look like this?
- Well, then let me help!
- How?
How are you gonna help me?
- Oh, dammit! OK!
Listen to me, uh...
Josh, he saved me
when I needed it.
And he can't help you now,
but I can.
- What are you doing?
- Eat me.
No, eat!
Eat.
- Aidan, I'm not
gonna eat you.
- Oh, come on,
I'm gonna heal.
- How? By eating
somebody else?
- No! Security at the hospital
has loosened up.
I've got plenty of blood, so...
It's OK.
- It's like biting
through a tire.
- Sorry.
- Can you, like,
stop flexing?
- I'm sorry!
I'm nervous.
Oh, that's not too--
(Cries out)
- Ilana...
- Can I help you?
Oh! Are you OK?
- Oh God, of course,
you don't recognize me.
- Have we met?
- Just that time
I possessed you
to stop you and my murderous
fianc from exorcising me.
- Sally. I guess
your friends found Donna.
She brought you
all the way back.
- Yeah, and now
I'm about to die
and I kind of promised
Donna my soul.
- That's why
I told your friends
I didn't want anything
to do with her.
- You can't wash
your hands of this.
Please. At least tell me
where to find her.
- Look...
even if I knew, I would
advise you to just stay away.
- And what?
I just wait around for her
creepy ass door to show up?
- What do you mean "her" door?
- I brought 2 people back
with me from limbo.
And when they died,
they both got the same door.
(Scoffs)
- That's impossible.
I mean, from what I understand,
a door is your portal.
If the same door is appearing
to several different people,
it's not leading
to the next world.
It's leading to somewhere
in this world,
somewhere Donna
wants you to go.
- Well, yeah, that I get.
She owns my soul.
But why my friends?
- No, it isn't right.
- Can [...
Can I ignore it?
Can I just live
as a ghost?
- No. She'll know
you're on to her.
Donna wouldn't make a door
you could avoid.
But if you go through the door,
and you are ready for her,
you might have a chance.
- Me against Donna?
This woman makes
buildings disappear.
How do I have any chance
against her?
- Don't underestimate yourself.
You are incredibly powerful.
- Do you mean
Harry Potter powerful
or "you want to make me feel
good about myself" powerful?
- You survived an exorcism.
You made it back
from the dead.
You rescued 2 other souls
and brought them back with you.
I never knew you your
first time on this plane,
but it seems you're
a much different spirit now.
- Yeah...
(Sighs)
How do I get ready?
- Before you become
a ghost again,
resolve any issues
you have in this life.
You don't wanna be weighed down
like you were the first time.
- What do I do when
I actually see Donna?
- You take the power
away from her.
- Love the sentiment.
Need some specifics.
- OK, um...
This is not exactly
my area of expertise,
but...
(Sighs)
How's your Latin?
- So let's cut to the chase.
Is this gonna be
state or federal?
- What?
- Well, every time you drop by
out of the blue like this,
usually it's followed by
some sort of criminal request.
Just trying to plan
my jail time accordingly.
What am I looking at?
- I didn't come here
to ask for anything.
I'm here to say goodbye...
for good.
- I'm sorry.
You know, I, um...
I really wanted to help.
I really wanted this
to work out.
- Well, listen,
had you been more accepting
of my rotting body and my
witness-protection lifestyle,
I mean, we could've
had something real great.
I don't know.
- I mean, I tried.
- I'm joking. Nervously.
The fact that you actually
did try to make this work
says everything about you.
You're everything
I wish I could have had
when I was truly alive.
* The burning of
the solemn fire *
* I could not speak
* For my own state of mind...
- You look better.
Do I wanna know why?
- Probably not.
- Hmm...
* To know
* That your pain is mine *
(Groans)
(Sighs)
- What do you want?
(Groaning)
- You.
- I'm so hungry.
- What the hell are you?
(Coughing)
(Aidan screams)
- Why did you do this to me?
(Breathing heavily)
Jeff Weston.
Nice 10 meet you.
- It was a lot to take.
Emily will come around.
- You don't know her
like I do.
She's surprisingly stubborn
for a slacker.
- So our small wedding
just got a little smaller.
- This is so far from the
wedding I wanted to give you.
It's not the way I wanted
to start our life together.
- It's OK.
- Is it?
Objectively speaking?
I mean, my sister hates me.
Liam wants us dead.
And if I learned anything
from Sadie the stripper,
it's that Aidan's
strongly worded warning
may not carry
that much weight.
- All I need for the
perfect wedding is you.
Just don't let Sally eat me
before we say "I do."
- Mmm...
- Why did you do this to me?
* You don't
* Need a reason
* For I know that
* What I've done is wrong...
- Hello?
* Yeah it's the same
* Right or wrong
* Yeah it's the same thing
* Right or wrong...
(Gasps)
Please let me go.
- What did you tell the girl?
- Nothing.
- Donna thinks otherwise.
- Donna has taken
so much already.
Just leave the girl alone!
Whatever spirit possesses
this man, I banish you--
(Bones cracking, thud)
(Scoffs)
- You picked
the losing side, lady.
* And both sides are even
* They are even
* And alone *